[stable/atlantis] added possibility to override command for container (#13963)
helm/charts: stable/atlantis/README.md

| `environment`                               | Map of environment variables for the container.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `{}`    |
| `imagePullSecrets`                          | List of secrets for pulling images from private registries.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `[]`    |
| `gitconfig`                                 | Contents of a file to be mounted to `~/.gitconfig`.  Use to allow redirection for Terraform modules in private git repositories.                                                                                                                                                                          | n/a     |

> | `command`                                   | Optionally override the arguments passed to the Atlantis Docker image. By default no arguments are passed which is the same as passing `["server"]`. Must be an array.                                                                                                                                  | `[]`    |

Reviewer: Hmm, actually this isn't correct. According to the docs, `command` overrides `ENTRYPOINT` and `args` overrides  `CMD`

Reviewer: (I see your comment now)

> | `command`                                   | Optionally override the arguments passed to the Atlantis Docker image. By default no arguments are passed which is the same as passing `["server"]`. Must be an array.                                                                                                                                  | n/a     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `command`                                   | Optionally override the [`command` field](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.14/#container-v1-core) of the Atlantis Docker container. If not set, the default Atlantis `ENTRYPOINT` is used. Must be an array.                                                                                                                                  | n/a     |
```

Okay sorry about all the (incorrect) suggestions. This is the final one I swear!

Author: No problem. Thank you for review. Awesome feature github suggestion)

> | `command`                                   | You can override basic container command parameter                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | n/a     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `command`                                   | Optionally override the arguments passed to the Atlantis Docker image. By default no arguments are passed which is the same as passing `["server"]`. Must be an array.`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | n/a     |
```

Author: done

Author: I have really bad English. And your comment is better, but I think it's can be a different meaning. Please check that https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/8235 In any case, this is enough for me. Thank you for your feedback.

Reviewer: Yeah you're right.. What do you need for your use-case? To override command or args?

Author: I need override command. Maybe you write another description and I add comment? My case will be fine with this code. Is description ok for you?
